docs(core): mention outputs defaults in project-configuration (#14479)
nrwl/nx: docs/shared/reference/project-configuration.md

Targets may define outputs to tell Nx where the target is going to create file artifacts that Nx should cache. `"outputs": ["{workspaceRoot}/dist/libs/mylib"]` tells Nx where the `build` target is going to create file artifacts.

> This configuration is usually not needed. Nx comes with reasonable defaults (imported in `nx.json`) which implement the configuration above:
> 
> - When running from a project's root: `dist/`
> - When running within packages: `build/`, `dist/`, and `public/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration is usually not needed. Nx comes with reasonable defaults (imported in `nx.json`) which implement the configuration above.

Specifically, by default, the following locations are cached for builds:

-  `{workspaceRoot}/dist/{projectRoot}`,
- `{projectRoot}/build`,
- `{projectRoot}/dist`,
- `{projectRoot}/public`

```
